README.md, before:

# RL_problems

This repository was created with the goal of developing and reproducing many different Reinforcement Learning algorithms 
and then being able to run large scale experiments using these algorithms on different open-source 
environments as well as our own custom environments.  

Currently working exclusively on OpenAI gym and a Gridworld environment made by us.

## Example of use
To test whether OpenAI gym and the atari example works run: 

`python atari_example.py`  

You should see a small window that automatically plays "Space Invaders" if everything is working correctly.

To run an example of policy and value iteration on our Gridworld environment run:  

`python examples/examples.py`

To run tests:  

`python tests/tests.py`

## Installation

Follow the instructions at this link:  
[Installation documentation](https://github.com/beduffy/RL_problems/tree/master/docs/Installation.md)

## Running OpenAI gym

Now you should be able to run `atari_example.py`.

For a general documentation on how the environment works refer to the official documentation on
https://gym.openai.com/docs

## API Reference

Further documentation can be found in the "docs" folder.

## Contributors

Currently not looking for help from contributors. Further information to be added in the future.

## License

For information about the license of this code please refer to the corresponding file "license.txt"

Commit message:

Added GridWorld.md explaining how to use the interface of the environment
1. Main description
2. Constructor and variation
3. The main interface env.step()
4. Render
5. Other important info like reset and look_step_ahead and Agent State

README.md, after:

# RL_problems

This repository was created with the goal of developing and reproducing many different Reinforcement Learning algorithms 
and then being able to run large scale experiments using these algorithms on different open-source 
environments as well as our own custom environments.  

Currently working exclusively on OpenAI gym and a Gridworld environment made by us.

## Example of use
To test whether OpenAI gym and the atari example works run: 

`python atari_example.py`  

You should see a small window that automatically plays "Space Invaders" if everything is working correctly.

To run an example of policy and value iteration on our Gridworld environment run:  

`python examples/examples.py`

To run tests:  

`python tests/tests.py`

## Installation

Follow the instructions at this link:  
[Installation documentation](https://github.com/beduffy/RL_problems/tree/master/docs/Installation.md)

## Running OpenAI gym

Now you should be able to run `atari_example.py`.

For a general documentation on how the environment works refer to the official documentation on
https://gym.openai.com/docs

## Running GridWorld

To run our custom environment run

`python examples/examples.py`

Study that code to see how to use the environment but for more info check the [GridWorld Documentation](https://github.com/beduffy/RL_problems/tree/master/docs/GridWorld.md)

## API Reference

Further documentation can be found in the "docs" folder.

## Contributors

Currently not looking for help from contributors. Further information to be added in the future.

## License

For information about the license of this code please refer to the corresponding file "license.txt"
